
# 2019/05/20
- Reminder to write minutes

## Working Group Updates
- RFC Triage
    - Two new RFCs will be opening discussion session management and authentication
    - Setting up a process for working with RFCs
        - Centralized RFCs repo or per repo RFC dir?
            - Per repo RFCs for now, more discussion to happen on the `rustasync/team` repo.
- Six-Week Spring (2019-05-16 - 2019-06-20)
    - [Open “sprint” issues](https://github.com/orgs/rustasync/projects/1)
    - A lot of progress has been made across most of the issues being tracked.
    - Discussion around how to name extension traits in tide. More discussion to happen in the associated issue.
- Status Updates
    - tide
        - Building a TodoMVC backend.
        - `tide-core`: more work has been done to decouple sub projects
        - RFCs will be opened soon for sessions and authentication.
    - futures
        - Biggest change is `futures-preview` now has a beta build which does not require the `async-await` feature.
    - runtime
        - Timers should be releasing next week.
        - Next month work will be starting on `for_await(parallel)` and a new crate `par` which abstracts over rayon/runtime 
    - books
        - No progress made over the last week.
        - Meeting with the compiler team to have the right resources to guide people with the upcoming async/await feature.
    - websites
        - No updates this week.
- Office hours
