
2019/05/30
- Reminder to write minutes
- Working Group Updates
    - RFC Triage
        - Have per repo RFC directories.
    - Six-Week Sprint (2019-05-16 â€” 2019-06-20)
        - Open [`sprint`](https://github.com/orgs/rustasync/projects/1) issues
            - General discussions around CORS middleware and authentication
    - Status updates
        - tide
            - https://github.com/rustasync/tide/pull/258
                - More discussion needed around whether or not we want to move `tide-router` into its own project.
                - For now the final core-split PR will merge the router back in
            - https://github.com/rustasync/tide/pull/262
            - armor http protection
                - Simple crate adding security headers
                - A possible way of using it with tide would be to add a separate crate with middleware providing integration.
            - paw support for structopt
                - Support being added for integrating with structopt, with the PR being almost ready.
        - futures
        - runtime
            - https://github.com/rustasync/futures-timer/pull/13
            - https://github.com/rustasync/runtime/issues/39
        - books
            - Minor updates around which topics and examples to include.
        - websites
            - Minor content updates and updating crates from time to time.
    - Policy for consistency in order to avoid back and forth switches between generics and impl syntax in arguments: https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/2444
    - Link to updates ahead of time
    - Which crates can come under the umbrella of the WG?
